Very good verdict by the Karnataka High Court.
Our brave Muslims girl will continue wearing hijab at any circumstancesCovering head and whole body is essential part of islam. Its farj. A hindu can't decide, or define Islam.TOI at least give the statement true.
School and colleges are for education not religious affairs.
Nobody stops muslim women from wearing hijab elsewhere other than these education institutes where uniform is provided and necessary.
It’s a dress code.
Democracy doesn’t mean an individuals choice. It also give choice to management.
Muslims are saying that Hijab is their religious obligation and a Hindu judge is say no its not. I mean, this judge should join circus as he clearly is incompetent and doesn't understand the basics of how law should function.Who is court a mufti or a scholar of islam to say hijab is integral part of islam or not court should not interfere in religion
Good decision by Karnataka HC





 Muslims contradict each other. Muslims say they all believe in the same things but that's not true. Some Muslims say that Muslim women must wear the headscarf and some say that it's a choice.

And tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their chastity, and not to reveal their adornments1 except what normally appears.2 Let them draw their veils over their chests, and not reveal their ˹hidden˺ adornments3 except to their husbands, their fathers, their fathers-in-law, their sons, their stepsons, their brothers, their brothers’ sons or sisters’ sons, their fellow women, those ˹bondwomen˺ in their possession, male attendants with no desire, or children who are still unaware of women’s nakedness. Let them not stomp their feet, drawing attention to their hidden adornments. Turn to Allah in repentance all together, O believers, so that you may be successful. Quran 24:31Most muslims girls don't wear hijab. Wearing hijab creates difference among students on the basis of religion, this is a poison to other students. And this difference shouldn't exist in the minds of innocent students. It's because of this difference that creates Religious war after they grow up. If you want to live in a peaceful social don't come to bring differences, else stay at homeOnly in indian court in the whole World is commenting on what’s essential and what is not essential in Muslim religion.
What stupid judgment. Even in Europe and America they allow muslim women to cover their head EVERYWHERE.How much hate Hindus has for Muslims. Such wow.What is Right & What is Wrong ? We have Holy Quran,Prophet Muhammad SAW, islamic Scholars,Muftis & Molanas .No one have right for teaching us islam.


	 Sad part I see here is Women are silent on this. Where are those groups that says women shouldn't be told what to wear? If it's a girls clothing topic then all those societies for women should speak up. Just selective feminists.Hindu terrorism on peak in India
The judge must have got influenced with the movie Kashmir files… hence it shows how the RSS people are polarizing minorities in India Muslims are crying, So sad

Excellent Findings and Conclusion based on Relevant Substantive Question 's arising from multiple Petition's before the Hon'ble FULL BENCH of High Court of Karnataka Bangalore. Hat's off to Hon'ble Bench headed by Hon'ble Chief Justice of High Court of Karnataka for extending due consideration and adequate Judicial Golden Hours allowing day today consistent hearings on behalf of Every Stakeholders on the very sensitive matter involving "MINORITY WOMEN STUDENTS ACCEDE MICE ISSUES MIXED WITH RELIGIOUS CONVERSATION 's DICTATED BY CERTAIN LEADER's WHIMs"
*3 Members FULL BENCH of High Court of Karnataka Bangalore has left no stone unturned to hear the matter under the CONTEXT to render Appropriate Justice on TOP PRIORITY*
*OBSERVATION OF UNSEEN HANDS BEHIND SUDDEN GRIEVANCE'S BY STUDENTS & NEED FOR SPEEDY INVESTIGATION BY APPROPRIATE STATE AGENCIES - NEEDS SCI COGNIZANCE IN LARGER STUDENTS INTEREST AND NATIONAL INTEREST ABOVE ALL*
REPORTED APPEAL BY STUDENTS BEFORE SCI YESTERDAY (DATE OF 50 + PAGE'S JUDGEMENT IS COGENT EVIDENCE "UNSEEN HANDS BEHIND SUDDEN ERUPTION OF ISSUES IN HAND"
BECAUSE:
1)Legal Experts and Legal Luminary will not entertain Hurried Filing of SLPs before SCI.
2) Senior Counsels involved definitely would have not studied the Full Bench Order threadbare and explained the Petitioner's for their comprehension and to decide as to whether any Substantive Question of the Constitution has not been addressed by the Hon'ble Bench and still the Petitioner's Grievance's needs Apex Court Intervention in the HC FULL BENCH IMPUGNED ORDER'S 

*HC FULL BENCH CERTIFICATE NOT BEEN REQUESTED BY THE PETITIONER's COUNSEL's UNDER THE ENABLING PROVISION'S UNDER THE CONSTITUTION OF INDIA TO FORWARD THE UN ADDRESSED GRIEVANCE'S FOR INTERPRETATION OF APEX JUDICIARY AND HENCE BEREFT OF MERITS TO IMPUGNED THE HIGH COURT FULL BENCH ORDER DATED 15/03/2022 

 JAI HIND 



Still for them ...Tilak is also not compulsory in Hindu religion will court ban it?
Education is secondary ...Hijabbb is the first priority 

Dear Muslim friends,It is essential
Don't be disappointed by high Court verdict,
Hijab is not your identity
I believe its Holy Quran, no one will object if your children are carrying Quran to schools, teach them to preach Quran in schools and also to witness values mentioned in it....
So that this exemplary move can change society all those fundamentalists will also befit a change...
Not to criticize but a suggestion for a #changeRight verdict...its against the freedom of islam women forced by men.Srinibas Mohapatra
Plz ban niqab and burkha in public places too as it hides the identity of a human being..

Hijab is an essential part of a women plz considerLeftists who oppose patriarchy in Hinduism turn the other way for patriarchal Hijab.
Please concentrate on your studies leave the religion on one side …..Why she is not in burqa Karachi University VC....The judgement gave by one Muslim Female Judge 

 I'm sure when she was a student she focused on studying rather wearing something!If this Hijab was essential all muslim females all over the world would have worn it but not. At last basic sense prevails. Even Congress leaders who are supporting Hijab, we don't see their family members in it.The Judgement is highly objectionable. Whether the Judges will allow what is essential in Quran? Nanak us essential in Quran. Will the schools will declare Friday as Holiday for this? Jihad is essential in Quran & killing Kafir is justified in Quran. Will the Judiciary allow it? For discipline in school or college is nothing.The Judgement is highly objectionable. Whether the Judges will allow what is essential in Quran? Nanak us essential in Quran. Will the schools will declare Friday as Holiday for this? Jihad is essential in Quran & killing Kafir is justified in Quran. Will the Judiciary allow it? For discipline in school or college is nothing. And since when did Karnataka judges become Islamic scholars?hw does covering one self properly n not covering matters to others,?many those who r not muslims also cover them self ,court wants female to go half or full naked?


One more attempt to islamise india has failed.Should be implemented all over the country. Islam is not the culture of Bharat/ India. Court is absolutely RIGHT.i request People not to stop education of girl or women.. just because of Hijab... Let dem wear outside... Remove it in a seperate Room.. sit in a class room with Uniform... do stritch ur uniform with full hands .... wear uniform in such a way dat covers well... n Dont neglect your education... Educate a Women.. Educate a generation... 

Good VerdictHatefuls r happy about the verdictCorrect Judgement,It Indicate all students are Equal Dress and Equal Rights.It seems HC dosent have any meaningful things to do so its taking on such stupid decisions.
Urself u dnt know head or tail of ur own religion n here u are judging others. Should be implemented all over the country. Islam is not the culture of Bharat/ India. Court is absolutely RIGHT.

School/college institute should avoid every religious dresses as these should be common for all …not to support religious dress otherwise it will be big concern in future..Democracy wins Radicalization loses...




		Like 		Like Everyday jinnah is proven right


10
Awesome! Finally, an end to the drama.... Hatefuls r happy about the verdict
Democracy wins Radicalization loses...




	•			Like On the point of Law....All 6 girls who went to high court are welcome to continue their studies in Madarasas. They created chaos throughout the peaceful state of Karnataka.


15
Yes absolutely correct ,So called mullah and malavis is are creating problem ,Indirectly students are made to suffer ,The children have to face annual examination ,That is important ,They are supposed to focus on their studies and their career ,And not to involve in the silly matter like this ,School uniform as the name suggests is same for all irrespective of caste creed & religion Etc ,


	•			Like 
Discrimination Subscript in the Hijab Row.
Government order barring girls who wear Hijab in Classroom is Contentious.
Uniform Dress Code does not proscribe men's headgear even in Armedi request People not to stop education of girl or women.. just because of Hijab... Let dem wear outside... Remove it in a seperate Room.. sit in a class room with Uniform... do stritch ur uniform with full hands .... wear uniform in such a way dat covers well... n Dont neglect your education... Educate a Women.. Educate a generation... Forces, Para Military Forces and Police. For example sikh men wear turban in all these services. They are exempted from wearing headgear while driving a 2 wheeler.
SIKH BOYS ARE NOT COMPELLED TO GIVE UP THEIR HEADGEAR IN ANY SCHOOLS THAT PRESCRIBE UNIFORM DRESS CODE. All this is in difference with their religious practice of wearing headgear.
WHEN MALE HEADGEAR OF ONE RELIGION IS EXEMPTED FROM UNIFORM DRESS CODE, CAN FEMALE HEADGEAR PRACTITIONERS OF ANOTHER RELIGION BE PROSCRIBED??
This brings into the discourse questions about PARITY among GENDER & RELIGION. This has to be answered Great Decision by the court - religion cannot trump education and rules of the institution where education is provided.by justification. Otherwise apprehensions that Male headgear of one Religion is not treated AT PAR with the female headgear of another Religion will loom large.
Article 14 of the Constitution of India provides for equality before the law or equal protection of the laws within the territory of India. It states:
"The State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal protection of the laws within the territory of India."[1]
Let all HC's also see the people who are not afford to buy cloths and wear....... and help them ........


	•			Like Surprisingly, sales of burnol increases with a boom after high cou& there goes the RIGHT TO FREEDOM OF RELIGION tossing rt verdict... Somebody knows the reason ?


	•			Like 
	•			Like i request People not to stop education of girl or women.. just because of Hijab... Let dem wear outside... Remove it in a seperate Room.. sit in a class room with Uniform... do stritch ur uniform with full hands .... wear uniform in such a way dat covers well... n Dont neglect your education... Educate a Women.. Educate a generation... 

	•	
		LikeEveryday jinnah is proven right

Correct Judgement,It Indicate all students are Equal Dress and Equal Rights.

10
Future of the girls if the court had ruled otherwise.
What is Right & What is Wrong ? We have Holy Quran,Prophet Muhammad SAW, islamic Scholars,Muftis & Molanas .No one have right for teaching us islam.


		Like can HC/SC also give verdict against bribe in govt institutions still it is Courts deciding what is essential in a religion
Beautiful india there in all over india if they do.is Mud Stattue integraI part of Dhram? 		Like One must understand that any student once enter into school/college, he becomes only student irrespective of his her religion. Uniformality in diversity must be our core value
They should go to Madrassa.
They are showing their strength 
What stupid judgment. Even in Europe and America they allow muslim women to cover their head EVERYWHERE.
.
Hindus are in danger.

naked nation
There is a very old saying, "A word to the wise and a rod to the Foolish."
Excellent decision from High Court. There must be a uniformity among students in educational institutions and uniformity comes from uniform
TOI at least give the statement true.
School and colleges are for education not religious affairs.
Nobody stops muslim women from wearing hijab elsewhere other than these education institutes where uniform is provided and necessary.
It’s a dress code.
Democracy doesn’t mean an individuals choice. It also give choice to management.
 What is the need of education? Let them stay at home as slave like Afghanistan and practice life under Talibani rules. World has changed but we are running towards dark
Hijab is the sign of brutalization against a woman's dignity and independence.


Wearing Sindhoor, Cross also not essential, keep your religion inside your heart,let's use it as way to connect to God..or give freedom to live 
Expected verdict. Everyone knows it was always going to be decided on the basis of whether its deemed as an essential religious practice or not


Wen name is uniform then use it. Simple.. Educational institutions have their uniform. Tats all. Neither Hijab nor Safron claded dhoti kurta are allowed in educational institutions. Make verdict simple.
Exactly, if a potential rapist hides in a hijab, enters the institution and does any crime, who will be blamed then

It should be implemented in India ASAP. Not only one state. Very good judgement by the Court.

# Hijab
Not allowed in school.!
Reason,
It is religious clothing.
-School authorities-
#Hijab
No need to be allowed in school.
Reason,
Not religious clothing.
-Court-

Karnataka high courts order with regard to the hijab is a welcome order in the right direction. Students should wear the uniforms as directed by the authorities. Whether you are a hindi, Christian or a muslim wearing the uniforms brings lot of discipline among students that will definitely have a positive impact in their lives. Students should wear uniform and attend classes instead of wearing a vealed outfit.

It’s a shame for The biggest democracy and secular state doing such cheap acts and instead of providing more opportunities for its citizens, they are playing with their educational careers & spreading hatred. Would the hijab really makes a problem for India? If Yes, then it’s gonna be a fail state
And since when did Karnataka judges become Islamic scholars?


Most muslims girls don't wear hijab. Wearing hijab creates difference among students on the basis of religion, this is a poison to other students. And this difference shouldn't exist in the minds of innocent students. It's because of this difference that creates Religious war after they grow up. If you want to live in a peaceful social don't come to bring differences, else stay at home
Very good verdict by the Karnataka High Court.
Satyamev Jayate. Now onwards the unjustified demand should be withdrawn and the students should focus on studies rather than dancing to the tunes of radicals.

The judge must have got influenced with the movie Kashmir files… hence it shows how the RSS people are polarizing minorities in India
Karnataka high courts order with regard to the hijab is a welcome order in the right direction. Students should wear the uniforms as directed by the authorities. Whether you are a hindi, Christian or a muslim wearing the uniforms brings lot of discipline among students that will definitely have a positive impact in their lives. Students should wear uniform and attend classes instead of wearing a vealed outfit.


It’s a shame for The biggest democracy and secular state doing such cheap acts and instead of providing more opportunities for its citizens, they are playing with their educational careers & spreading hatred. Would the hijab really makes a problem for India? If Yes, then it’s gonna be a fail state




Dear Muslim friends,
Don't be disappointed by high Court verdict,
Hijab is not your identity
I believe its Holy Quran, no one will object if your children are carrying Quran to schools, teach them to preach Quran in schools and also to witness values mentioned in it....
So that this exemplary move can change society all those fundamentalists will also befit a change...
Not to criticize but a suggestion for a #change
Whoever has done agitation and filed petition shall be punished for providing Wrong or distorted Information to the Court ( Court ko Gumrah karna) about Hijab secondly for wasting of valuable Judicial time & public money.

Now it's a secular verdict secularism still prevails in India. All are equal before law


Muslims are crying, So sad


Karnataka court should have not been admitted case


Hijab is an essential part of a women plz consider


Food Comodity Price going Up day After day ,,
What will be the Future of Common People,, No Discuss about that Only Faltu ka Topic by all Notorious News Channel..

Good decision said the High court rules for school and College 

Right verdict...its against the freedom of islam women forced by men.



Surah arn Nur vers 31:
Tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their private parts. They are like what is usually expressed,
Without it their beauty does not show
And let them cover their heads and their breasts
They are like their husband, father

Hijab Ban... Want so religious practice of Hindu



Finally. Women can be free to do as they wish

What about shikh turban and sarswati puja, Mangal sutra it will also ban..?


Only in indian court in the whole World is commenting on what’s essential and what is not essential in Muslim religion.


From comment section, now I realise india have come to stage were minorities have to protect themselves by any means.


Very much expected, after the Ram Janmabhoomi verdict



And tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their chastity, and not to reveal their adornments1 except what normally appears.2 Let them draw their veils over their chests, and not reveal their ˹hidden˺ adornments3 except to their husbands, their fathers, their fathers-in-law, their sons, their stepsons, their brothers, their brothers’ sons or sisters’ sons, their fellow women, those ˹bondwomen˺ in their possession, male attendants with no desire, or children who are still unaware of women’s nakedness. Let them not stomp their feet, drawing attention to their hidden adornments. Turn to Allah in repentance all together, O believers, so that you may be successful. Quran 24:31


What about the Ghongut which is taken by Hindu Rajisthani women?




Now the radical peacefuls says they don’t have faith in judiciary system, when they already knew why did they go to court at first instance , when something is in favour they have faith and when against no faith 

Sad part I see here is Women are silent on this. Where are those groups that says women shouldn't be told what to wear? If it's a girls clothing topic then all those societies for women should speak up. Just selective feminists.



Even offering prayers at mosque is not integral part of islam according to the Supreme Court judgment in 1994 Ismail Farooqui case...


Hijab and burkha is different they are wearing burkha...



Why so much debate on such a petty issue. If hijab is more important than building career and studying then let it be. Stop sending girls to schools and colleges. Ya padhai kar lo ya faltu ki dram-nautanki.


Hijab ok but why wearing burqa and niqab closing face overall? It is india not arabia! Pls dont buried the culture of the land u live and born by adopted arabian culture!



Tilak is also not compulsory in Hindu religion will court ban it?



I am Hindu and I am not secular


When judiciary taken over by criminals


Now will Muskan return all the gifts which she received from opposition? 
All are under the rule and regulation of any institution.


Hijab or burkha all is your own choice, but please in school or college fallow the uniform code, which is fallowed by every religion
A sensible decision...


Let's focus on development . Religion and its practices are always in a problem. It's waste of time to focus on such orthodox and time consuming issues


Definitely a sensible decision ! Alive your faith and respect towards religion inside your heart and mind in true sense.






t is great funny
We really shocked from where they got this fatwa.
Respect Karnataka HC bench could you reveale us referance book?
Are you making foolish

It seems HC dosent have any meaningful things to do so its taking on such stupid decisions.
Urself u dnt know head or tail of ur own religion n here u are judging others.

Muslims contradict each other. Muslims say they all believe in the same things but that's not true. Some Muslims say that Muslim women must wear the headscarf and some say that it's a choice.


Hijab is not a choice its an obligation.
Allah (SWT) says in Surah Ahzab Ayah 59
"O you Prophet, say to your spouses and your daughters and the women of believers, that they draw their outer garments closer to them; that will (make) it likelier that they will be recognized and so will not be hurt. And Allah has been Ever-Forgiving, Ever-Merciful"
hw does covering one self properly n not covering matters to others,?many those who r not muslims also cover them self ,court wants female to go half or full naked?

Excellent Findings and Conclusion based on Relevant Substantive Question 's arising from multiple Petition's before the Hon'ble FULL BENCH of High Court of Karnataka Bangalore. Hat's off to Hon'ble Bench headed by Hon'ble Chief Justice of High Court of Karnataka for extending due consideration and adequate Judicial Golden Hours allowing day today consistent hearings on behalf of Every Stakeholders on the very sensitive matter involving "MINORITY WOMEN STUDENTS ACCEDE MICE ISSUES MIXED WITH RELIGIOUS CONVERSATION 's DICTATED BY CERTAIN LEADER's WHIMs"
*3 Members FULL BENCH of High Court of Karnataka Bangalore has left no stone unturned to hear the matter under the CONTEXT to render Appropriate Justice on TOP PRIORITY*
*OBSERVATION OF UNSEEN HANDS BEHIND SUDDEN GRIEVANCE'S BY STUDENTS & NEED FOR SPEEDY INVESTIGATION BY APPROPRIATE STATE AGENCIES - NEEDS SCI COGNIZANCE IN LARGER STUDENTS INTEREST AND NATIONAL INTEREST ABOVE ALL*
REPORTED APPEAL BY STUDENTS BEFORE SCI YESTERDAY (DATE OF 50 + PAGE'S JUDGEMENT IS COGENT EVIDENCE "UNSEEN HANDS BEHIND SUDDEN ERUPTION OF ISSUES IN HAND"
BECAUSE:
1)Legal Experts and Legal Luminary will not entertain Hurried Filing of SLPs before SCI.
2) Senior Counsels involved definitely would have not studied the Full Bench Order threadbare and explained the Petitioner's for their comprehension and to decide as to whether any Substantive Question of the Constitution has not been addressed by the Hon'ble Bench and still the Petitioner's Grievance's needs Apex Court Intervention in the HC FULL BENCH IMPUGNED ORDER'S ❓
*HC FULL BENCH CERTIFICATE NOT BEEN REQUESTED BY THE PETITIONER's COUNSEL's UNDER THE ENABLING PROVISION'S UNDER THE CONSTITUTION OF INDIA TO FORWARD THE UN ADDRESSED GRIEVANCE'S FOR INTERPRETATION OF APEX JUDICIARY AND HENCE BEREFT OF MERITS TO IMPUGNED THE HIGH COURT FULL BENCH ORDER DATED 15/03/2022 🙏 JAI HIND
Greatly ruled I appreciate Karnataka High Court.


Hijab is a retrograde practice that has no place in a modern educated society. Great judgement by Karnataka HCHijab is a retrograde practice that has no place in a modern educated society. Great judgement by Karnataka HC